Xu Xian
Everything I have now is thanks to you
I only see your lowly appearance
To relieve the hatred in my heart
OK
I'm sorry, is that okay?
I want you to kneel down and apologize to me
Toshi
You and this kind of woman, why do you apologize to him?
How do you think he is nobler than me?
Shen Tianlan didn't come to him immediately
away
You're right actually.
I'm willing to admit defeat
My end today is your tomorrow
Xiaoxi
Who said he was like you?
Shen Tianlan, how could you be Mr. Shen?
Xu Xi is using the name of your girlfriend
In this arrogant river
Oh.
Girlfriend? Yeah.
I advised him to be cautious
He said everything while you were away
What did he say?
He said you dote on him
As soon as he calls you will come
It's ridiculous
Excuse me.
I'm causing you trouble.
Don't worry, I'll study.
It's not my girlfriend.